---
layout: post
title: Weekly 2023#45
tags: [weekly, planning, focus]
---
Second week of my own journey. A normal one with not so [much productivity](baidu.com). 

I throw a lot time and effort into my work and indeed make a progress. The construction of metrics hub welcomes the join of FBA Inventory, a really huge and complicated theme. I read a lot to get a basic understanding of it and to make the nuance of similar concepts clearer. 

Besides, I make a small research of a SaaS startup company. Their product line is good example for my next plan. 

However, I don't think the allocation of time usage is good enough. Too much time is wasted on useless staff. 

I lost the *Focus* again. 

When to choose what to do next, I should keep in mind that: 

- go back to the to-do list today. if the list is behind the fact, update it.
- compare the result and the cost. set a limit to avoid excessive input.
- if no idea of what to do, just stick to some basic principles:
   - do things related to reading and writing.
   - don't do fake work: tinker with tool's configuration like theme,fonts, style, plugin... 

<br>

> These kinds of work are poisonous to <u>productivity and confidence</u>. 
<br>
**I have to learn how to ignore them and accept the ambiguity and imperfection**. 

<br>

As to the next week, I must make a progress on my A2 and A3 projects. Although A1 project is important right now, I'm not going to rely solely on it at the very beginning. 

Don't do fake work. 

I have to use my time much more wisely.

