---
title: Why
tags: 
date: 2024-06-06
layout: post
description: 
summary:
---

It seems that I don't have much to say these days, even though I've read a lot and done a lot. 

Why?

I don't know. Tracing back to the last year from September, the enthusiasm of expressing myself and recoding the work and thought is high. 

One reason maybe that I've lost a companion along the way. The companion is who shares the same value with you and doing something alike. You may see that as a mirror that reflects yourself and source of courage motivating you.

The companion in the last year was Alex, one Greek guy whose blog I encountered accidentally. I appreciated his self-growth path, during which he was perplexed about future and finally forging his own way as an indie hacker.

This daily blog was actually stimulated by him, from whom I saw a real and plain possibility to reach one's goal and how to accomplish that in detail. "Detail" here means that daily, each step including almost every aspect, without polish or modification, just staying at original, just like raw data, quite different from those deliberating successful works. 

Nearly one year passed. It seems that I come to a point of fatigue. Doing this and that in the whole day till mid-night, and thus forget writing this blog. 

Is it a fear that I always escape from doing it, because of I have nothing to say or don't know how to say? And what's more, under the surface, is that I run into a trap of losing orientation AGAIN?

Maybe this is what we call "bottle neck". The difference from the past is whether I can make a breakthrough.

I will not give in.